Rams in case we need them I have two
Rams because I got one but I
record-eagle solstice yep quick somebody
record so stitch escorting Dooley acts
seriously we need to give us all
stitches commanders icon he's too small
too and get too lost in groups this
should change the dholak so they don't
go two at a time I might take care of it
a little bit not really it's still going
to have people doing it but about the
only way they can fix that is just not
give it as much XP yeah well if they did
do that they get only half XP I'm you're
saying not not much XP at all unless
it's being actually get under attack and
get defended yeah yeah maybe it's gonna
tact and you the defendant you get a lot
of XP but if you're just doing this you
don't get barely anything yeah you
should be making an event at this point
this is ridiculous absolutely ridiculous
how do ya like that oh there's a there's
a toggle key for it you can so i got to
toggle key I did that literally twice
and I was like yes screw this crap um so
you should ask them all what levels they
are give some hard numbers that was I'm
level 40 and I got 16,000 pretty strong
you guys keep getting these high numbers
i was only getting two k a pop uh that's
going to piss on you love I mean 1600
not 16,000 yeah okay 1600 yag g that so
yeah sixteen hundred thousand that's a
lot how do you say that a crap ton dude
then they just stop here right back
solstice yeah I know I'm gonna go now
I'm gonna go record how much is supplies
in this keep and how much is in the
other one atmel coarsely you get about
13 k XP per event and events keep on
changing a lot faster than they do it
this one's got full 1000 of 1000 yeah I
think you might be hurting but that's it
they're saying 16 pay wait meeting me in
16 k are 1600 / dolio I'll let you know
as soon as it's done they're about to
get there okay cuz at 1600 an event is
is 13 k in malkura leaf and the events
keep on changing chaining and you stop
I'm not mad because they're getting
experience if that's how they wanna go
hope I don't care but they're taking
people's spots that's what I don't like
same your exact yeah dreambaby only got
four and if t2 out of 1000 but it still
doesn't need to be escorted there's a
lot of people doing the escort doli
acting yeah
yes I won a 250 on one area so somebody
waiting to get here for a couple hours
yeah I know there's there's a large
group i'm recording it right now i'm
going to throw this up on youtube as an
example of why i think this needs to be
fixed it's ridiculous dream ebay is
actually under attack and there's a
number of people we have in queue with
these guys all they're doing is running
back and forth escorting doli axe i'm
going to record it till i get the
experience from them so i can post that
up there too but it needs to be removed
it's too much it's too lucrative for
these people to just sit there do
nothing but this all day I got 487 as a
gold award for 1 plus 85 karma what
experience 47 but I'm level 17 yeah
level 46 4700 now 487 experience 85
karma level 70 their level 40 I got
1,600 XP 178 karma and one silver for
each one how much as a fraction of your
bar how much is that uh